The output of this project is a vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS static website, including like index.html and then style.css and the app.js. It is very simple. It is very simple, but you need to read suggestions 0.0.0, suggestions 0.0.1, suggestions 0.0.2, and make sure that your implementation corresponds to the requirements. Make sure that you have validated the requirements and make sure that you didn't miss any requirement, and make sure that the software that you will produce is high quality according to the high quality software standards and best practices. Make sure that you use a modern JavaScript, modern technologies, and the content will be provided, so we can take something. So I'm gonna brief, here's like, I'm gonna give you like some example of the content, what content that could be. So you can see that in the content.md.
And again, so to resolve any inconsistencies in the specification, just use your best judgment. Think hard about this. Think ultra hard. Repeat several times. Maybe like, you know, first iteration will not be like the perfect one. So make sure to make like several repetitions, five, six, just like, you know, to review what is done, if all requirements are implemented, that's the best design, the best implementation. Maybe something can be improved. Maybe something can be refactored. Maybe something, maybe somewhere we want to add some, like, you know, JSDoc comments, for instance. Think about the quality of the code. Is this like how to solve this specific problem in the scope of this specific problem? Is this the best code you can produce? Ask those questions and here are the files you need to, you can find the implementation specification details.